dogs can't operate MRIs but catscan
our mountains aren't just funny. They're hill areas
turning vegan would be a big missed steak
well, to be frank, I'd have to change my name
ban pre-shredded cheese, make america grate again
electricians have to strip to make ends meet
for chemists, alcohol isn't a problem, it's a solution
a cow stumbled into a pot field. The steaks have never been higher
irony, the opposite of wrinkly
tried to grab the fog. I mist
if you suck at playing the trumpet, that's probably why

In USA you watch television. In Soviet Russia, television watch you
In USA you go to find party. In Soviet Russia, party always finds you
In Soviet Union people rob banks. In capitalist america, bank robs you
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's the other way around.



what doyou call a funky car?
	a mustang

What did michael jackson call his denim store? 
	Billie Jeans

How to billboards talk?
	Sign language

What do you call ghost poop?
	boo boo

Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road?
	it got stuck in a crack

I hurt my foot driving the other day. Know who I called?
	the toe company

what did the girl say to the pig?
	da haaam

when does a sandwich cook?
	when it's bakin' lettuce and tomato

did you hear about the female rapper who only battled while she was on her menstual cycle.
	they say she had a mean flow


I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.

I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.

My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.

What's the difference between in-laws and outlaws?
	Outlaws are wanted.

I bought my friend an elephant for his room.
	He said "Thanks"
	I said "Don't mention it"

I poured root beer in a square glass.
	Now I just have beer.

What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo?
	One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.

What do we want?
	Low flying airplane noises!
	When do we want them?
	NNNEEEEEEOOOOOOOOWWWWWW.

What do you call a frenchman wearing sandals?
	Phillipe Phillope.

What's orange and sounds like a parrot?
	A carrot.

So what if I don't know what Armageddon means? It's not the end of the world.

Where do you weigh a whale?
	A whale weigh station
	How do you get two whales in a car?
		Start in England and drive west.
	Where do you weigh a pie?
		Somewhere over the rainbow

This is my step ladder. I never knew my real ladder.

My friend asked me to help him round up his 37 sheep.
	I said "40"

I've found a job helping a one armed typist do capital letters.
	It's shift work.

I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the Toronto zoo.

Wife says to her programmer husband, "Go to the store and buy a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, buy a dozen."
	Husband returns with 12 loaves of bread.

Communism jokes aren't funny unless everyone gets them.

What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old?
	Aye matey.

What do the movies titanic and the sixth sense have in common.
	Icy dead people.

Knock Knock
	Who's There?
	Dishes
	Dishes Who?
	Dishes Sean Connery.

I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.

My friends say there's a gay guy in our circle of friends... I really hope it's Todd, he's cute.

Guy walks into a bar and orders a fruit punch.
	Bartender says "Pal, if you want a punch you'll have to stand in line" Guy looks around, but there is no punch line.

I've been told I'm condescending.
	(that means I talk down to people)

How did the hipster burn his mouth?
	He ate the pizza before it was cool.

Before your criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you do criticize them, you're a mile away and have their shoes.

What's the difference between a dirty old bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? One is a crusty bus station the other one is a busty crustacean.

Why aren’t koalas actual bears?
	They don’t meet the koalafications

It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.

I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did, not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.







