
2018-11-22 Wed
	Fun day today. Did some cooking - brisket in pressure cooker with soy sauce, italian herbs, and garlic is delish. Then went climbing for the evening. I think I'm building back to my previous form pretty well. My overall fitness / strength seems to be better than originally (likely thanks to the ski patrol course), although of course my forearm endurance is still very weak. Top-roping 22s, (maybe a 23 with some work). Feeling pretty strong. Missed out on doing my duolingo/uke practise, which is disappointing- should get back into that pronto tomorrow.
	Yesterday was a really full on day. Started off the afternoon climbing with Charlotte. She is the cutest girl. Still massively conflicted with how to approach this relationship. On the one hand, she's 18. Which is sort of a massive problem. On the other hand, she's super easy to talk to, seems intelligent, mature, and we share common interests (climbing and dance). But she's 18. Bollocks. One slight thing to investigate- she seems to be slightly discouraged by things she finds difficult (ie prefers slab to overhangs because that's what she's good at. Wonder if there's something deeper there?). I'm also attracted to her super positive outlook on life and of course her youth is absolutely delightful. Should ask her out for coffee or a longer chat, also see if she's in a relationship (Daniel? can't fully tell. She's definitely flirting with me, not sure if seriously).
	Evening, went to zouk practica. Really enjoyed the session. The music was slow, lyrical and flowing, which seems to suit my dance style (if it can be called that at this early stage) quite well. I only seem to have few movements (basic, lateral, bonus, viraginha, basket return), but they can be fun with a responsive partner and interesting music. Still need to work on the yoyo - I seem to lose connection at the open out. On the plus, I've learnt the steps behind (relearnt :P) the elastico. It's a super fun move that I need to practise more of! Pointers on my technique - need to lead more from legs, to make it easier for the follower to feel more subtle movements. When leading, engage frame same as while following. Extend my leg, but don't land until the lead does (when following). Land on the balls (ie, not toes, not heels). Try to lead on the beat to make it easier to follow (or have more strength & clarity behind the lead).



2019-01-06
	Day of frustration, and also hopefully of learning.
	Trying to organise a group practica for WCS. One problem is Chris pulling out. Which is fair enough- he's got other things on, and likely doesn't want to drive all the way in to teach for a short time. Slightly frustrating for me, in having to find another teacher for the small group private. Other frustraction is the lack of commitment from individuals. Also understandable, as people have other things to do, that they might prefer to engage in instead. But goddammit, it makes organising difficult. Also makes me wonder how different this would be if I were a) more attractive; b) female; c) a better dancer. Might make for an interesting social experiment. In any case, I am none of the above, so shall have to figure out something that does make use of what I am.
	After the brief frustration, I went out in the afternoon and caught up with Matthew. That was very fun, and involved less venting than expected. Funnily enough, I was written up by the cops for having a beer by the side of the road / beach. He finds that groups are more manageable by splitting them into smaller pieces. And of course, the smallest piece would be individuals. I might just organise practices with individuals, and leave an invitation open to the wider group. We also discussed dance in general (just vaguely for fun). I've mainly forgotten the details of that part, but maybe some of it sinks in, and I'll apply it. Mostly, I think we discussed listening better to my partner, and being more aware of my own movements, and eliminating unnecessary movement. Finally, there was some talk about my motivations and reasons behind wanting to take some time away and find a retreat to think.
	In the evening, I went out for movies with some WCS people. The movie was apparently pretty average, but entertaining enough personally as I hadn't gone to see a movie for quite a while. I'm quite confused about my interaction with Michelle. I'm attracted to her, but can't seem to have a conversation. Old baggage? Dunno. I seem fairly capable of talking with most of the other people there (apart from Melissa? and that may have been because they were together a fair bit). Weird. May have to explore further.
	Overall, fun day. Hope to have more weekend days like it over summer.