Short version: As a male lead who also really likes to follow, I can totally relate to the pain from both sides of this spectrum! As a lead, there are definitely times when I don't want a dance with a certain follower. As a coward who finds it difficult to say no, I find myself leading some dances that are draining (mentally, physically, energetically) to go through. It's hugely impressive that professionals can put themselves through this on a regular basis. As a man, I'm in a position where I only get to follow if I'm the one asking. That can feel... aggresive at times. Not really sure what to do about that... any suggestions?

A longer version with some context:

Coming with some exposure to Kiz, Tango, and West Coast, I enjoy playing with the fundamental zouk movements. Changes in direction, timing or feeling. Sometimes the music feels crisp, calling for exact, distinct movements on the beat, othertimes it's dreamy and rounded, with a smudgey, relaxed vibe. Sometimes it's just fun to try out a variation- approach a basic movement from a non-standard entry perhaps, or using different connection points, or mirrored. This is crazy fun and amazingly doable with new zouk follows - once relaxed, there's no anticipation of what should be the standard "sequence", and magic happens (admittedly, this often works better with the smudgey songs and the expectation of at least some fudging of timing / footwork).

My pain comes (and I imagine this is so much worse for the professionals) with the follower who "knows" the "move". An attempt at variation outside the norm or expression outside some "styling" (ugh) workshop they've just been to is met with confusion, and a steadfast refusal to budge from the standard. As a lead, there's only so much pressure I'm willing to exert towards shaping a movement, before I allow myself to get railroaded back into the "correct way to do the move" (wow, that sounds bitter! :D ). I'd be fine with this if I were following, but as a lead, it sucks a lot of the joy out of the music and the dance. And it's not that these are bad followers by any means - they go to classes, they love dancing, they're fun to be around. We just have different approaches to dance. This also makes it so impossible to say no to a dance - these were the people who, as a beginner lead, built up my fundamentals, who make our community. Unfortunately, given the way I approach zouk, dancing with them also leaves me feeling drained and mentally exhausted. This leads to the "love this song, just not with this partner" syndrome. Also related: I'm too tired to dance (with you), but dancing (with them / as a follow) will actually recharge my energy.

On the other side, lies my experience as a male follow. Whereas female leading seems to be increasingly acceptable, if not welcome, a male follow is generally met with suspicion, disdain, and general disparagement. Asking most men for a dance, generally leads to mumbling, discomfort and a sudden interest in shoes (I've entirely given up on asking Brazilian leads except as a source of dark humour). With almost every female lead I've asked, there's been an unspoken why, an initial manhandling, and eventually, a concessionary "you follow well". And make no mistake, just about every follow I've had in zouk I have been the one asking. There have been a grand total of three zouk leads who have asked me for a dance. If I wish to follow in zouk, the inevitable truth is that I need to be the one asking. Possibly aggressively. I never ask more than once an evening. I always leave the option to say no. But I'm also left with the sneaking suspicion that I'm treating these leads as dance monkeys. Not really sure what the alternative is- give up on following? (seems a bit cowardly) move to a more open country? (please let me know where lead/follow is not gendered) give up on zouk? (not sure I could give up on the flavour of zouk, I'm afraid)
