Hi Luca,

No problem! That's the beauty of letters- you don't expect them to be replied to immediately! We get time to think a little, write a little, appreciate the day a little. Write a bit when we think of something to say, then leave it to mature a bit, maybe add something when inspiration hits! In this rushed age of now, it's nice to have the luxury of time and pause, no? :D

It sounds great to have family around the world! I've only visited Wellington a few times while passing through, and thoroughly enjoyed my time there. It's such a cute, compact little city, and it felt quite cosy. That said, I got super lucky the last few times, with nice weather and good company. Did you get to explore more of the country beyond the cities? I personally really like the ferry across to Picton, and then driving down towards Kaikora. They're rebuilding the coastal road there, but that stretch of coastline is still hauntingly beautiful.

My plan is pretty vague and flexible at the moment. I know I'll be flying into Prague mid-April, head down through the Balkans through spring, then move up north towards Scandinavia as summer approaches. Dates and places are still to be decided though! I guess part of the pleasure of this trip is to explore a little, and be open to whatever comes up. I've not even decided how long to travel for, although I do intend on finding a few cities that I enjoy and live in each place for at least a month, maybe look for short-term contract work. Currently quite interested in Helsinki, Berlin, Zurich and Stockholm, although that list may change and grow at some point...

I'm assuming by classical dancing, you and your girlfriend do ballroom? I've never tried ballroom myself, but it sounds super technical! I also started dancing about 2 years ago :). Although I mostly dance Zouk and West Coast Swing, with a bit of tango and kizomba on the side. Perhaps I should come see your classical dances when I visit, and you can come to some Zouk or west coast socials!

How are you finding university? Did you go straight into your degree from high-school, or did you take some time in between?

I figured that's enough looking out the window and writing for now. I'll send this through and let you ponder and take a little time for a change!

Cheers,
Jason